readme.md, before:

# Title sequences (TV shows and movies)

This project creates a web version of the title sequences from TV Shows and Movies. The aim is to improve my CSS and animation chops.

I have bundled the project with a [vite](https://vitejs.dev/), so it can be run a mini-website.

## Run the project

To clone and run the project, run the following:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/robole/title-sequences
cd title-sequences
npm i
npm run dev
```

The website is run on: <http://localhost:3000/>.

If you open the project in VS Code, there is a task that will start the dev server every time you open the project. The first time you open the project, you may need to run the command **"Tasks: Manage Automatic Tasks in Folder"** to enable it.

Otherwise, you can run the command `npm run dev` to start the dev server yourself, once you have installed the dependecies.

## Title sequences

### Ozark

[Ozark](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozark_(TV_series)>) is an American crime drama streaming television series created by Bill Dubuque and Mark Williams for Netflix.

![screenshot Ozark title](ozark/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/yLVZbwQ).

### Better Call Saul

[Better Call Saul](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Call_Saul) is an American crime drama television series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould.

![screenshot Better Call Saul title](better-call-saul/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/rNWRoBO).

### Schitts Creek

Schitt's Creek is a Canadian sitcom television series created by Dan Levy and Eugene Levy, that aired from 2015 to 2020.

![screenshot schitts creek](schitts-creek/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/dypyEdJ).

### Orange Is The New Black

[Orange Is the New Black](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_Is_the_New_Black)is an American comedy-drama television series created by Jenji Kohan for Netflix. The series is based on Piper Kerman's memoir Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison (2010), about her experiences at FCI Danbury, a minimum-security federal prison.

![screenshot Orange Is The New Black](orange-is-the-new-black/original/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/VwKLPRR).

### Killing Eve

[Killing Eve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_Eve) is a British spy thriller television series, produced in the United Kingdom for BBC America and BBC Three. The series follows Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh), a British intelligence investigator tasked with capturing psychopathic assassin Villanelle (Jodie Comer).

![screenshot Killing Eve title](killing-eve/img/demo.gif)

I discuss how I created this in the article, [How to create slick TV show title sequences](https://www.roboleary.net/2020/12/24/title-sequences.html).

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/gOwGojN).

Commit message:

add link to codepen collection

readme.md, after:

# Title sequences (TV shows and movies)

This project creates web versions of the title sequences from TV Shows and Movies. The aim is to improve my CSS and animation chops.

I have bundled the project with [vite](https://vitejs.dev/), so it can be **run locally as a mini-website**. Also, [**you can view them all in a collection on codepen**](https://codepen.io/collection/nNmwgP).

## Run the project

To clone and run the project, run the following:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/robole/title-sequences
cd title-sequences
npm i
npm run dev
```

The website is run on: <http://localhost:3000/>.

If you open the project in VS Code, there is an included [task](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/tasks) that will start the dev server every time you open the project. The first time you open the project, you may need to run the command **"Tasks: Manage Automatic Tasks in Folder"** to enable it.

Otherwise, you can run the command `npm run dev` to start the dev server yourself, once you have installed the dependecies.

## Title sequences

### Ozark

[Ozark](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozark_(TV_series)>) is an American crime drama streaming television series created by Bill Dubuque and Mark Williams for Netflix. The series follows Marty and Wendy Byrde, a married couple who move their family to the Lake of the Ozarks to create a big money laundering operation for a Mexican drug cartel.

![screenshot Ozark title](ozark/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/yLVZbwQ).

### Better Call Saul

[Better Call Saul](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Call_Saul) is an American crime drama television series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould.

![screenshot Better Call Saul title](better-call-saul/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/rNWRoBO).

### Schitts Creek

[Schitt's Creek](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schitt's_Creek) is a Canadian sitcom television series created by Dan Levy and Eugene Levy, that aired from 2015 to 2020.  The series follows the formerly wealthy Rose family's trials and tribulations.

![screenshot schitts creek](schitts-creek/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/dypyEdJ).

### Orange Is The New Black

[Orange Is the New Black](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_Is_the_New_Black) is an American comedy-drama television series created by Jenji Kohan for Netflix. The series is based on [Piper Kerman's memoir Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison (2010)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_Is_the_New_Black:_My_Year_in_a_Women%27s_Prison), about her experiences at FCI Danbury, a minimum-security federal prison.

![screenshot Orange Is The New Black](orange-is-the-new-black/original/img/screenshot.gif)

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/VwKLPRR).

### Killing Eve

[Killing Eve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_Eve) is a British spy thriller television series, produced in the United Kingdom for BBC America and BBC Three. The series follows Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh), a British intelligence investigator tasked with capturing psychopathic assassin Villanelle (Jodie Comer).

![screenshot Killing Eve title](killing-eve/img/demo.gif)

I discuss how I created this in the article, [How to create slick TV show title sequences](https://www.roboleary.net/2020/12/24/title-sequences.html).

View the [codepen](https://codepen.io/robjoeol/full/gOwGojN).
